There are a number of example visual programs in this directory. 
Each one has a brief description, which may be found by choosing the 
"Help on Visual Program" option in the Help menu of the Visual Program Editor.  
You can also access the comment by choosing "Comments" when you have
selected a visual program in the Data Explorer File Selection dialog box.
These examples illustrate a few ways that you can put modules 
together to make a visualization.

There are a number of subdirectories of samples/programs. These
subdirectories organize the sample visual programs by topic. So, for example,
in 2D_DATA, you will find visual programs which
visualize two-dimensional data.

NOTES: 
   The visual program PlotLine2 requires that the macro 
   MakeLine_macro.net be loaded before the visual program can be opened. 

   The visual program Bounce requires that the macro 
   Matte_macro.net be loaded before the visual program can be opened. 

   The visual program FlyThrough requires that the macro 
   InterpolatePositions_Macro.net be loaded before the visual program can 
   be opened. 

   The visual program Factorial requires that the macro 
   Factorial_macro.net be loaded before the visual program can 
   be opened. 

   All required macros can be found in this directory. 
   To load a macro, go to the file menu and choose "Load Macro". 
   Then select the macro.  

Note that you will also find script language examples for many of 
the modules in the directory samples/scripts.

Only the example visual program ExampleSMP contains a Partition module. If you 
are using DX SMP, this module will divide the data to take advantage 
of the multiple processors, so you should use it just after import in
any of your visual programs. If you are using DX, the Partition module 
will have no effect, and is not necessary.

If you Rotate the object you are viewing while in execute-on-change
mode, or navigate within the images, some of the example visual programs
will use an approximatation (typically a dot-surface representation)
to increase the rendering speed. This option is set using the 
"Rendering Options" choice in the Options menu of the Image window.
You can disable the approximation by choosing "none" for button-down
approximation, or alternatively you can enable the approximation for
visual programs which do not use it by choosing an approximation for
button-down rendering.


