This directory contains some example data files.

CO2.header, CO2.lis:          CO2.lis is a data file which may be imported 
                              using the general array importer. The general
                              array import header is CO2.header. This header
                              describes the structure of the data contained in
                              CO2.lis.  This data set is a time series of 
                              unconnected positions. The data may be viewed
                              using the sample visual program
                              GeneralImport1.net.
                              This data set is provided courtesy of the 
                              National Space Science Data Center, 
                              NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt,
                              MD.

cloudwater.dx, rainwater.dx, temperature.dx, wind.dx:  These four data
                              files are courtesy of NCSA, University of 
                              Illinois at Urbana-Champaign. They contain a
                              single time step in a simulation of a severe
                              storm. The cloudwater, rainwater, and temperature
                              data sets are scalar data, while wind is a 
                              vector field. These data sets are a reduced
                              resolution version of the original data supplied
                              by NCSA. The reduction was performed within
                              Data Explorer using the Reduce module. 

cylinder.rgb, cylinder.size:  These are two files which describe an image
                              (interleaved red, green, and blue bytes).
                              They may be imported using the data explorer
                              header file "image.dx", using the general
                              import header file "image.general", or by using
                              the ReadImage module. An example visual program
                              using all three of these methods may be found 
                              in ReadImage.net.

datadepconnections.dx:        This is a Data Explorer format file which 
                              defines a data set in which the data values are
                              dependent on the connections. This means that
                              each connection element has one data value 
                              associated with it, and that data value is
                              assumed to be constant throughout that element.
                              This is in contrast to the case in which data
                              is dependent on the positions.

datawithattribute.dx:         This is a Data Explorer format file which shows
                              you how to attach attributes to your data. One
                              way in which these attributes might be used may
                              be found in the example script 
                              samples/scripts/Attribute or in the
                              example visual program
                              UsingAttributes.

deformedregular.dx:           This is a Data Explorer format file which 
                              describes a field with regular connections, and
                              irregular (explicitly specified) positions.

external.data:                This is an example of a file formatted in a
                              non-Data Explorer format, but which may be
                              read as a Data Explorer formatted file through
                              the use of a simple filter program. The source
                              code for the filter program may be found as 
                              externalfilter.c; the
                              IBM Risc System/6000 executable program may be 
                              found as externalfilter.
                              An example visual program which uses the external
                              filter syntax may be found in 
                              
                                 ImportExternalFilter.net.

externalfilter:               This executable file may be used to read the
                              non-Data Explorer formatted file external.data.

externalfilter.c:             This is the c language source code for the
                              program externalfilter. 

hyper.dx:                     This sample data is on a tetrahedral mesh, 
                              and contains both a vector field and a scalar
                              field. This data may be viewed using the visual
                              program interop.net.

image.dx:                     This Data Explorer header file reads the image 
                              file cylinder.rgb. An visual program using this
                              data is 
                              ReadImage.net.

image.general:                This general format header file reads the image 
                              file cylinder.rgb. An visual program using this
                              data is 
                              ReadImage.net.

imide.rgb, imide.size:        This is an rgb image which is used by the
                              visual program 
                              UsingFilter.net.
                              It is a colored slice from the data set
                              imide_potential.dx.

imide_potential.dx, npp.dx:   These two data files are used by the visual
                              program 
                              Imide_potential.net.
                              The first data file is the potential field
                              surrounding an imide molecule. The second data
                              file is a ball and stick model of the molecule.

irregirreg2.dx:               This Data Explorer header points to data 
                              contained in the binary file irregirreg2.bin. 
                              It describes data with irregular positions 
                              and irregular connections.

irregular.dx:                 This Data Explorer format file describes data 
                              with irregular positions and irregular 
                              connections.

pos_conn.data:                This file describes positions and connections
                              which are used in the data set described in
                              regseries.dx.

product1.dx, product2.dx:     These Data Explorer format files describe data
                              which have mixed regular and irregular positions.

regseries.dx:                 This Data Explorer format file describes a series
                              composed of three fields. They share the same
                              positions and connections (described in the data
                              file pos_conn.data), but have different data
                              values.

regular.dx:                   This Data Explorer format file describes a field
                              with regular positions and regular connections.

regularskewed.dx:             This Data Explorer format file describes a field
                              with regular positions and regular connections.
                              The three axes of the grid are non-orthogonal.

seriesdata.dx:                This Data Explorer file describes a series. The
                              data is used in the example scripts for Grid,
                              Streamline, and Streakline, found in the 
                              directory samples/scripts.

solid.dx:                     This Data Explorer format file describes an 
                              object using faces, loops, and edges.

temp_wind.header, temp_wind.lis:  The data file temp_wind.lis is a non-dx
                              format file which can be imported using the 
                              general array importer. The general array
                              importer header is temp_wind.header. This file
                              describes the data.  A visual program which
                              visualizes this data may be found in
                              GeneralImport2.net.
                              This data set is provided courtesy of the 
                              National Space Science Data Center, 
                              NASA/Goddard Space Flight Center, Greenbelt,
                              MD.

velocity.dx:                  This Data Explorer format file describes a 
                              velocity field on a regular grid. It is used
                              by the example visual program found in 
                              Streamline.net.

watermolecule.dx:             This Data Explorer format file contains a field
                              describing the electron density in the vicinity
                              of a water molecule. Most of the example visual
                              programs and scripts found in the directories
                              samples/programs and 
                              samples/scripts use this data.     
